Topology Port Export Spec (#748)
nasa/fpp: docs/spec/Port-Interfaces.adoc

== Port Interfaces

Port Interfaces in F Prime define a set of
<<Specifiers_Port-Instance-Specifiers,port
instances>>. Interfaces can be explicitely named
through a <<Definitions_Port-Interface-Definitions,
port interface definition>>.

=== Named Port Interfaces

A named port interface is a port interface associated
with an <<Definitions_Port-Interface-Definitions,
interface definition>>.

=== Anonymous Port Interfaces

There are definitions in FPP that will implicitly define a port interface
so that instances of these definitions may be bound to a port interface.
These implicitly defined port interfaces are known as anonymous port interfaces
as they do not have explicit names associated with them.

==== Anonymous Component Port Interfaces

A <<Definitions_Component-Definitions,component definition>>
will create a corresponding anonymous port interface. This port interface
includes the set of all <<Specifiers_Port-Instance-Specifiers,port instances>>
inside the component definition (either explicitely, or via an
<<Specifiers_Interface-Import-Specifiers,interface import>>).

==== Anonymous Topology Port Interfaces

A <<Definitions_Topology-Definitions,topology definition>>

> will create a corresponding anonymous port interface. This port interface includes

Reviewer: ```suggestion
defines a corresponding anonymous port interface. This port interface includes
```
